[SRS] Add Individual Product Use Cases (#107)
arkinmodi/project-sayyara: docs/SRS/SRS.tex

	\item System finalizes account with additional details and creates a new shop
\end{enumerate}

\textbf{Title:} Creating an employee account\\
\textbf{Trigger:} Auto repair shop owner adds an employee to their shop\\
\textbf{Pre-condition:} Auto repair shop account exists on Sayyara\\
\textbf{Outcome:}
\begin{enumerate}
	\item User creates an employee account with the following fields: first and last name, phone number,
	      email, username and password
	\item System creates an employee account with the information
	\item System sends an invitation to the employee via the email provided
\end{enumerate}

\textbf{Title:} Logging into Sayyara\\
\textbf{Trigger:} User launches application and selects employee login\\
\textbf{Pre-condition:} Employee/shop account exists\\
\textbf{Outcome:}
\begin{enumerate}
	\item User enters their credentials (username and password)
	\item System checks if the username and password match an account
	\item If successful, system allows user to authenticate
	\item If unsuccessful, system rejects authentication and shows an error message
\end{enumerate}

\textbf{Title:} Resetting a password\\

> \textbf{Trigger:} User clicks on 'forgot password' in the login screen\\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\textbf{Trigger:} User clicks on ``forgot password'' in the login screen\\
```

\textbf{Pre-condition:} Employee/shop account exists\\
\textbf{Outcome:}
\begin{enumerate}
	\item User enters their email

> 	\item System sends reset instructions to their email, allowing them to reset their password

Reviewer 2: System sends a code to their email and they enter the code to reset password
